Bob can you tell us briefly how
you began in this field?
How I began in this field well?
I can give you a very specific
answer. It was.
32 years ago that I first got
into this field.
How did I get into this field?
By accident sort of.
Like the monkey who
fell out of the tree.
My company, which I.
At the time it was.
Involved up until 1956.
In very extensive network radio
programs, which means dramatic
programs for radio nationwide
and overseas. And.
In 1956, we had the choice.
Of. Whether we converted all the
way into television.
And so we had started to do so.
Until we discovered a very
interesting thing now we had
been doing these radio programs
for many years.
And what we discovered was.
That there was like seeing a
movie. All over again, it was is
this. This is where we came in
because we were taking exactly
the same thing that we had done
8 to 10 years earlier and
Pudding, a picture to it. It was
nothing more to US than radio
with a picture. So.
We did not think that we wanted
to go through this all over
again. There must be something
better to do than to go into
television and we have had
already 2 quiz shows in
television and found that this
was nice but there must be
something better. So as the head
of the company.
Annoying in. In American
language, we have something that
says the pass the Buck.
The Buck ends with the president
of the company. A responsibility
as does the authority so I
decided we would try something
else. And being very.
Professional and sound we
naturally began to think of some
way to use sound.
As a new means of.
New direction for our company.
And. What we first came up with
and started conducting and in
our research and development
division of our company was how
to? Help. People learn while
they're asleep. Very interesting
parallel, but all the way back
in 1956, we started.
Conducting studies how to do
this. And the first problem was
is how to get people to sleep.
Because you can't take a subject
say now go to sleep.
You have to and you do not want
to give them chemicals or drugs
to go to sleep because that
won't serve that purpose.
So we began to use sound to help
people to get to sleep and
that's how we first began to get
into the technology of what we
have since become.
Of. But along the way very
interesting thing took place.
In that research pattern, I was
the chief subject because I
demanded it because I was very
curious. So as the chief subject
in all of these patterns of.
Finding ways to help people go
to sleep by sound use.
OK. Evidently something I
absorbed something. Because in
1958, then I had this great.
Frightening terrifying chains
take place in my life.
And I have written about this as
you know in several books and
it's very I guess common
knowledge, even throughout the
world because the books have
been translated into various
languages. But it Simply put at
that time I began to experience
moving out of my body.
And.
That was
The final thing of something I
had had begun a year at least it
or more before that time I began
to have quote dreams about.
And I was an airplane pilot so
you can understand how that
would take place. I began to
have dreams about taxing to the
runway on an airport.
And getting the plane off the
ground and once I got it off the
ground that I would look up in
here are all these wires. It was
if we're flying down the street
and there were all these power
lines overhead and telephone
lines and you couldn't find a
whole to get out of it.
And that dream had gone on a
recurring dream for at least a
year. And then shortly before
this big thing took place in 58.
I also began to experience a
funny kind of vibration.
And I went to my it was as if my
body were shaking but there was
no feeling of shaking it was
just internal. And.
I went hurrying to my favorite
doctor. And he examined me
and says Oh you are working,
too hard. You are stressful
good. There's nothing wrong
with you go.
Take a pill and relax or
something well, not necessarily
being a pill taker that did not
work too well. But
any event after.
Many times like 25 or 30 more
times of experiencing this
vibration. I thought well and
fighting to get out of it is the
point. I just pull myself away
from this vibration.
The next step was well.
This is why this will
never get anywhere, I
might is I'm too
frightened about it if
it's going to kill me let
it kill me so.
With that in mind, one
particular. Afternoon, when I
was lying down.
I I said, Alright find
vibration, Cape if it's going to
kill me. Let it kill me. So I
waited and waited and waited and
after while after about 5
minutes. It faded away. and I
was still alive. so I thought
ha. Now I know it won't kill me.
So I'm on safe ground. So after
that, I began to simply let it
happen. An wait that 5 minutes,
so I could do something.
And on this one famous night as
we're in 1958.
I was lying in bed on a Friday
night. Waiting for this
vibration to end so I could go
to sleep and I was, I was lying
there. Thinking about what I was
going to do the next day. While
this vibration got through doing
what it was supposed to do I was
thinking? How nice Saturday
morning was going to be, because
we had had what we call a cold
front come through and there
would be strong NW winds and
there would be great thermal
action, so being much into sale
planes and gliders at that time,
the soaring was going to be
tremendous and as a result.
This was my sense of great joy
and anticipation as I was
waiting for this vibration to
end. And. As I waited and waited
and thought how nice this is
going to be suddenly. I felt
something bumping against my
shoulder. And that of course, is
part of the history when I
discovered that what I was
bumping against was the ceiling
of my bedroom.
And that bumping turned around
and I did not know where I was
'cause I saw this funny sort of
A. Fountain coming out of what I
thought was the floor and I
thought where am I. This is a
funny kind of dream.
And I looked more closely and
they thought this something
terribly wrong. This is not a
fountain. This is the
chandelier. The light fixture
coming out of the ceiling, so I
looked around, and sure enough
down there in the bed. Below me
was my wife lying in bed and
beside it was a man and then I
says what kind of dream is this.
This is a strange dream who?
Who would I think of who would
be in bed with my wife?
And I said, I can't resist
finding out so I moved a little
closer. And then this great
shock came over me because the
person in bed with my wife was
me. And then the fright came
that error. What am I doing on
my dying. Let me get back quick
something so I went through the
aircraft is swimming through the
air to get back to the body and
paying got back in the body that
was the first time.
And that I intern.
Found out and then very quickly.
I set up and everything was
quiet. I was at my heart was
racing because I was excited
but. Everything else was
fine my wife sleep quiet
nothing no problem, so.
That is exactly how it began all
the way back in 1958.
It took
Many visits to.
Doctor to find out that I did
not have a brain tumor. It took
reassert reassurance is from A.
Very well known psychiatrist
friend who said, I can certify
that you're saying Bob.
I said well what's the matter
with me and what's this thing
that's happening to me and he
said. Well, I think that you
are. Doing what is known as
conscious dreaming and I looked
at him and I said what what's
conscious dreaming. He says I
don't know I just made it up.
And I said thank you. Thank you.
And. I then got
together with my
psychologist friend and
I said Brad.
What do I do about this thing he
says Oh that's easy I says what
he says they do it in India. All
the time this and they know all
about it in India. And I said,
well what? What should I do then
he says well I would Li I would
think you should go to India and
study under a guru and live in
an ashram until you know all
about it. And I said, well how
long would that take.
And he said Oh probably 10 or 20
years I said 10 or 20 years.
What about my business. What
about my mortgage house? What
about my wife and my 2 children.
He says Oh this is important.
And I looked at him very hard in
the face and I said Brad.
If this were you.
What would you do and he looked
at me with this? I said he says
Robert he says it's not
happening to me, it's happening
to you. And he waved goodbye so
that was the response of.
And that beginning.
And being of a stubborn variety
annoying that I did not have a
brain tumor. Knowing that
physically. I was alright and
the 2 people that I trusted most
in the in the mental health
field knew me so well that they
said. Oh, you have no mental
problem? What does 1 two?
So the natural response that I
had in my way of thinking being
a western mind. I couldn't see
going to India and spending 10
years living in an ashram that
it would not be very comfortable
for me and also that's not the
way I think I'm a western mine.
So being very stubborn what I
did this too. Turn around and a
stab Lish research and
development division in my
company taking the one that we
had, and moved it over in this
other direction to find out
what's happening to me or find
out something so that I in turn
good? Have some answers for me,
so it was a very selfish
motivation and in the beginning.
It was nothing Noble or wanting
to help the world of humankind.
Not that at all, I needed the
help I had a company that could
spend R&D funds to do this and
that's how it began.
And it footnote.
Bear in mind that it took a full
year. After this first took
place for me.
To finally come to the included
conclusion that this was real.
Then it was not a dream that it
was not an alusa nation that it
actually took place because my
left brain might and intellect.
My Antonette analytical part of
me had to be.
Knowing this not believing it
and it took not a great.
Adventure or a great something
that took place. It was an
accumulation of one verification
after another again and again
and again and after while I said
myself my brain might my.
Left brain my total self had
to say, yes, this is real.
This too much evidence. Never
mind the world, but for me and
that's how it began.
Bob. After you began this, this
investigation into your own
experiences out of your own need
to understand what was happening
out of that came hemmy sink?
Could you tell us how the the
information about these the
influence of these sound
patterns with the kind of
experience that you were
researching how did that
connection get made for you?
Well again 1st and foremost, I
was the prime subject. The
Blacks that were going all the
way back to.
When? I was in New York and had
offices in New York.
And had a house in Westchester
County, an I secretly put a
laboratory on our property in
Westchester because New York
somehow felt too noisy. So we
had this R&D program and built
into 25, Baker place up in
Westchester County.
In started very simply we
already knew how to put people
who sleep so then it began.
To say, well, What is this and
how are we doing this and we did
started with a very sound
scientific base of using sine
waves that replicated the brain
waves in the human mind a human
brain to in turn induce this
sleep. Well, it didn't take much
more patterns searching to
determine that. If we adjusted
those into areas that we didn't
have not looked at before we
begin to find something else.
And sure enough, we did, and
there was all the way back
there. In 1960 that we first
began to use what we have called
in recent years frequency
falling response and that's
where that's different from
Hema. Sink is different from
Buonauro beat type. This you can
hear an open air. It doesn't
require headphones to have
maximum ability to listen to it,
and we use that very, very
broadly for a number of years.
And then as life works out, we
decided to move to Virginia
because we were much.
In the ownership and operation
of radio stations by that time,
and we had a chance to buy a
radio station in Richmond and
that was very specific. These
are you can be very mystical
about it, but I don't.
Is fun to be the mystical but
it's just plain point of fact?
How did we get to Richmond very
simple I my childhood was spent
in Lexington Ky?
Over here and I wanted to be
closer to the ocean because I
love the ocean. So I drew a
latitude line over E and it ran
through Richmond, VA.
And I thought well it would be
nice to have a radio station in
Richmond. We had 2 already in
North Carolina down here and
that would be close by.
Well, it would be say about 2
weeks after I do that line on a
map. They went through Richmond,
VA that a broker called me. He
says Miss Monroe. I have a radio
station for sale in Richmond,
VA. And so that's how we got to
Virginia. We bought the station
close down and moved all of our
office, including the research
and Development Division. We
moved it down to Richmond and
set up a facility in Richmond,
VA. And that's how we got to
Virginia. It was nothing magical
and Mystical and you can say,
Oh, look at what happened. You
do the line and then this magic
took place, the interesting part
was that I probably had asked
this same broker sometime back.
A look around and he had found
this it wasn't that the
coincidence was only maybe in
time. But he had known about
this station beforehand in
assembly called the owner and
the owner finally says. Yes,
I'll sell it, so there's very,
very ordinary nothing fancy.
But as in terms of.
In terms of the hema sync
process itself. The hymn sing
process didn't really take place
until the 70s and by that time.
We had moved over to
Charlottesville, VA and gotten
into cable television and that
was the new thing to do as
against radio stations and we
had through an Association with
about by that time I had
accumulated. About 8:00 or 9
different engineers and
scientists and doctors in
Virginia and we as a group. It
was nothing again. Mystical and
magical. We decided that would
be the good way to do it to
create a binaural beat in that
saw him a sink was born and that
is, you know how it works. I'm
sure that's by his setting one
kind of signal say 100. Hertz
signal in this year and then
104, Hertz over here and the
differential that 4 Hertz.
Is synthesized by the mind the
brain? You can't hear it is too
low in frequency to hear but it
is very effective to get that
for Hertz, which is a brain wave
frequency into the human mind.
Bob Hemmy. Let me sync
has been used to think
of business and and we
He can even do a little tap
dance there. Instruction about
females. Whenever you see a
female going like that, as you
put crosses their legs in order?
What does she mean?
I am thankful.
ESP.
Bob what is the usefulness of
hemmy sink in exploring
different states of
consciousness. In exploring
different states of
consciousness. Hammer sink.
At first of all.
Is tremendously valuable for one
reason? And that is that it is.
Is not like a drug is not like a
chemical? It is a sound.
And as it as a sound it in turn.
Doesn't invade the body as it
were its not even like
electrical stimulation? Where
you force the body to do things
by electricity. What it also
means is that the mind can
accept it or reject it?
In other words, it's not
something that forces itself
into you like this. It says here
and it is so the applications
are so broad that.
We really don't know all of them
there, we uncover new ones all
the time. Let's take the
extremes. You can use him a sink
to keep you awake.
Totally focused attention wide
awake and alert and over here,
you can put a person to sleep
internatural sleep. And the in
between or all of these many,
many different ways. Different
states of consciousness that
Henderson can be used to perform
things and let's go to the wake
stage first of all you can be
Super awake now, what do we mean
by say Super Awake?
Intense focus of attention
concentration so that you all of
your attention is focused on say
a book or something like this
and by that focusing you achieve
much greater attention. A much
greater understanding just as
you do focus your attention. But
this helps you do it to a
degree. Perhaps that you've
never been able to do before
that type of focusing of
attention. Being like that now
you can change that just a
little bit by intern again using
him missing can then move into a
physical pattern. Of stimulating
physical activity and that's why
I again focusing of attention on
physical activity in sports. For
example, and we have an
application that we used in golf
that. The one the best example.
We know the president of this
national excuse me state.
Golf Association sliced 11
strokes off his score just by
using this is that kind of
thing, but it is because it let
him focus. His attention on the
physical activity. Then you move
and you can see some things
taking place here that you can
then move that focus of
attention in many different
ways. You yeah, it's great
because you can take that whole
Sky scan of wakefulness.
And use it in a number of
different ways, then. The
next thing that importantly
takes places that you can
shift that attention that
that mind consciousness
into other types of states.
All the way down and you're
not even asleep yet
something at this and this
all of these in between.
And we have.
Some very profound ones that we
developed that mind you're not
you're not asleep.
But you are awake, so we have a
state that we can achieve by him
missing that let your mind be
awake and your body asleep now.
That means that the
characteristics of your body
your physical body are sleep and
this makes a very, very.
Great discovery available to you
and that is that you don't need
all that physical sensor input
of your five senses.
To be awake to be able to
think, to be conscious.
And that's a great great
discovery because we always
think we have to have all this
is physical sensory input in
order. To think we don't need
it. And that's a big discovery
and let you get there very
easily to learn that important
pattern so. That's an
illustration in between these
things are various states of
consciousness. Let's say that
that let the psychiatrist or the
analyst reaching an get into the
various depths of that. Other
part of that patient to find out
what his problems are and let
them surface because he
establishes different means of
getting into them like that. But
they're not the same as I
strictly mind, awake body asleep
this him missing pattern will
let you do that.
So you can see the scope of I'm
speaking is anything that the
mind can do hema sync. Let's it.
Let's you help you do that by
changing the focus of attention.
The focus of consciousness. So
then then that's all the way up
to what we call sleep. Obviously
always important question is
well. What about this thing you
were into called out of body
state. Well, we know where that
is too. That's beyond what we
normally call sleep. It's beyond
that. No.
Quickly.
Other key Not
particularly.
Got problem with panic.
Did I kick it with no no limit
California?
123. It's OK.
And
we
did
not
do
nothing
sorry.
Why
do?
UK retailer can can you pick up
just before where you left off
back up a little bit.
So you see one of the things
that begins to emerge here is
through the use of these sound
patterns. A week and help not
force the mind to get into these
other ways of thinking if you
put it that way. These other
ways of perceiving.
And as I'm proud to say that the
whole concept that I found an
out of body is past this wall.
We call sleep because we think
of sleep is unconsciousness and
we have all these other forms of
being unconscious and sleep is
the most common of those
unconscious states. So what
we're doing utilizing this music
is to let the individual have
for the first time control over
his consciousness and in
relation to that one of the key
things that we have found is
that this can once we.
Help he person learn this
particular state, he interned is
as if he can restore that at
will, he can. He has a memory of
it and he can recall it? It's as
if you can recall when you were
let's say dancing in the dark if
you want or whatever.
That you can recall it and
there, it is again so if you
have a given state created by
him a sink. You remember the
effect and you can be that again
very important. So if you take
that perspective, you can see
that there is no limit an
steadily all the time. There are
various uses found for this
different pattern and their
multiple patterns were so far
beyond just one little signal
doing something in our latest
approach to it. We each what we
had as one signal is now 7
signals and we may have as many
as. Five of those one signals
that were 7 so we now have
something like 35 different hema
sync signal patterns on one
application or one use so we've
gotten very deep into it.
But the whole point that's so
significant to us, it spot is
emerged out of all of this.
Why does come out is that first
of all? Because bear in mind
that we have long ago gone past
quite naturally because I
demanded it. I needed the
answers. So we went past this
thing this unconsciousness
called sleep to find out what
was happening later on where we
are not getting too much signals
from the physical body? What's
happening out there and there
was important thing came out of
it. And that is that
consciousness.
Ann is a continuum it does not
stop when we lose consciousness
here. If we are not conscious
here. We are conscious there.
Whatever there is I don't
pretend to say what that
definition of there is, but we
are there so that means very
simply when you're you've go to
sleep here, you don't lose
consciousness you just.
Shift along the spectrum of
consciousness to another kind of
wakefulness. This is this is and
we in turn, but this
consciousness attempt to
understand that phasing that
part of human consciousness that
work there and it's very
difficult. So we try it in use
dreams and all sorts of things
to try and attempt to understand
that consciousness that that
being there again whatever there
is. And out of that, saying that
we don't know how far that
spectrum of consciousness goes
that. Long ban its endless and
we call that the Interstate.
In other words, here in the
United States, we have.
La they're not Autobahn's, they
are. Freeways are Interstate
which are these big highways
that spread all over the country
and that's where you can go very
fast and go great distances. So
this is what we call
consciousness is traveling that
spectrum of consciousness is
going Interstate which makes fun
of course. So I
think. If you begin to see that
part of it, then an immediate
basic came out of that whole
thing there. And that is it?
What are we doing well you see
that's the important thing is
that we let our left brain get
into the act and say what are we
doing we let our intellect?
And not just your imagination,
but our elected into say what
are we doing? Well.
We finally got around to
thinking, we have a pretty good
way of defining of stating what
we're doing. And that is that
we, as humans and let's take the
simple power of ratio of.
Here we are now and we are
focused our attention in time
space. And we are very much.
Say if you were watching this
particular film you would be
focused irritating here.
And that is that type of phasing
we are in phase.
With time space.
Now, if you don't look away from
the TV or something and are
thinking about what you will do
tomorrow morning. When you get
up. You are a little bit out of
phase because you're not
concerned. With this here now.
You are thinking about your
thinking and doing nothing but
thinking and when you do that.
Then you're a little bit out of
phase with time space so you can
get the patterns of phase
relationship you're still here.
But in your consciousness is not
only here in your physical self,
but you're a little bit out of
phase and as you do this a
little bit more you get beyond
entertaining to know you have
what we call daydreams. So
you're focused very much in your
mind here, but your body's here
and you know your body's here
and you know you're still in
time space and so there is a
phase relationship say 60% of
you is still in your physical
consciousness and 40%'s over
here day dreaming somewhere.
And if you move it a little bit
more you get into such things as
out of control facing that are
caused by alcohol for example,
and you're drunk or drugs and
you were all on some drug high
and it's all uncontrolled,
though it's tremendously
uncontrolled and you can start
and stop it. But you out, Hey,
outta control butcher out of
phase so you are perceiving 2
things at once the out of
control stuff here.
And you have physical matter and
there begins the other very
serious question is that.
The person who has dementia or
some form of psychosis.
Is in a dual phase relationship
and can not differentiate
between the time space physical
phasing and this other that he
proceed so he sees little men
and he hears voices and all
kinds of things. There are
coming to him from this other
phase relationship and he can
explain. And so he tries to mix
the two to the degree that
they're both the same thing when
they're really not the same
thing. So he goes into a mental
hospital or they give him drugs
like beta blockers to stop this
other phasing. So if you think
of that moving onward out
through there, you can see what
I mean by phasing I can probably
say you take a piece of paper
and say this for example, is a
phase relationship and that's
totally focused. Can you see it
on the Camera there that's
pretty good isn't it?
Don't have to focus a diet, but
did you get the angle now as
this? I turn this. This is
moving slightly out of phase so
you have difficulty seeing the
print more and more until this
way. It's very narrow. You could
have not even define what that
is, is just a line there and if
you're trying to read this
you're having great difficulty
because you can't even see it at
all now now you're seeing
another type of something you're
seeing not this, but something
else. So you're completely out
of phase of time space so it's
that type of thing of these are
ratios and everything is ratio
in terms of consciousness, the
interesting part of course, is
that we have certain.
Fascinating things and that is
that when there comes a point we
all face there certain things
like death and taxes. We always
has to face well. One other we
have is facing physical death
and that means that this.
Tuning device that we have
called a physical body doesn't
work anymore. So we have to
phase out of it and we're
completely out of phase and this
doesn't work. So we are totaly
there again. Our consciousness
is not dependent upon this.
It's over there and being over,
there is again a reality and
this is the thing that you begin
to understand the more you get
into this that there is other
realities, which this.
Mind that we have this human.
Stayed can be conscious over in
these other areas and you can
learn and do this long before
you're forced to drop this
physical biting go on, you can
go play there. What is what is
the significance Bob of this
ability that you've proven that
we have to contact these other
realities or other phases.
I think then the most important
thing first of all is to
understand these ratios so that
we can, we can begin to.
I just like we do with all of
our physical Sciences classify
plants. Biological scientists
began to classify these other
states of consciousness as to
what they really are an Explorer
them while I do that. I the 1st
and foremost thing and it is
certainly comes out.
That we around here have long
gotten to the stage of that. We
know we are more than our
physical body. What does that
mean that means that it doesn't
make any difference? What you do
here? Whatever you do.
And this is contrary to a lot of
belief systems. No doubt about
that, but whatever you do your
performance your behavior here.
Does mean whether you're going
to exist or not exist after you
die physically? You you can be.
The. A wonderful St or you can
be the cruelest person you can
think of, but you're still going
to survive his whole death.
That's an automatic thing and
this process. Let's you begin to
know that not believe it, but no
it and there's a great
difference between believing
annoying a huge difference. You
can listen to me and say, I
believe you. But if I give you
the tools so that you can find
this out and say, Oh yes. Now I
know it. Think of the wonderful
freedom that it would give you
to know that you survived if not
believe it, but no it. Look how
that would affect your life.
And if you know that you survive
physical death. This is one of
the things that's very common in
the use of him missing
eventually people get to that
knowing stage. They know that
they surprises will have great
stuff. Because that let you play
here that let you live that much
more fully simply because that
thing. This controlled you so
much in your life. The fear of
death no longer exists.
Bob given what you've been
saying what is the purpose
of our playing here what?
What are we here for that
night's absurdly easy?
And I say absurd because it's so
apparent once you begin to look
at it with what I call a
different overview from another
perspective look at it.
Is best described as you you
come here as a vortex of energii
an I might add as an alien to
this earth life system.
You don't belong here, so you
try to change. It man humans try
to change it. They don't like
the way trees are planted so
they plan to Monroes. When this
system, says do it. This way,
and they wanted a nice straight
that's typical of humankind.
But why do we come to this?
Thing. And we call the earth and
live on Earth and be human very,
very fascinating, but obvious
answer the more you look at it.
The more obviously becomes to
you and that is, you came here
to learn now. What did you come
to learn these are nice neat
questions? What did you come to
learn, you came it's learn a
measurement system? This is a
system of offices of polarities
and we quickly give them labels
like positive and negative good
bad. These kinds of things we
learn this measurement system
very important. We learn it the
system of measurement and great
system of measurement that we
learned is pain pleasure and we
know how in the world. Could you
know pleasure if you didn't know
pain the most boring thing that
you could do is have a very even
life with no pain or no
pleasure. You couldn't stand it.
You've got to have these and we
search for those those pain and
pleasure things we go out of our
way to do it.
So if you think in terms of the
whole concept of living here to
learn measurements now that's
the first, the 2nd is very
interesting. Is that you learn
to manipulate enerji? I move my
arms like this my hands? I move
my eyes and so on. I am using
I'm manipulating anergy to do
that. That's use of 5 or 6 types
of enerji that let me move. My
arm and we learn these very
automatically and I can tell you
from deep personal experience
that that simple, ability that
we take so much for granted of
learning to manipulate Energi.
Is incredibly valuable in other
enerji systems you would be
amazed? How how much value that
we think are ordinary things
keeping your balance for
example, we automatically learn
how to stay balanced in this
gravitic pattern, but over there
is wonderful. You can use these
kinds of things, so these are
the 2 key things but the most
important thing of all.
We came and we come here to
learn an acquire.
An intellect. It's strange.
An intellect we acquire or
intelligence is not enough of
the word, and elect an
analytical ability. We come here
to learn that we use the
metaphor left brain. We learn to
acquire a left brain by living
here and being here. That's the
real valuable tool that we come
and pick up so you think that
combination puts together a
being that is a super being and
that's true except a terrible
thinking happens as they say on
the way to the store.
We think we come and learn this
and we think we will go.
And take off and go back
where we came from and with
all of that.
Inter cut we can all probably
drive Ivy schools in Italian
when you've done. I don't know,
but they can very well. Your
editor in your first book.
Existing Italian yes. It is
surely weedeater. Anna is a good
friend for me. I'm glad to know
that because when I was talking
with an Italian participants who
is here for gateway voyage about
2 weeks ago.
Who was so eager to get the
other translated into Italian?
He was going to look for the
editor and try and make an
appointment with him.
I don't know if if if it is
necessary if you agree. I I can
give you this address Alright.
We need to really, and they know
also in Italian perhaps
psychology, who met a research
about out body experience, but
not in your in your form. She
made just an empirical with
interviews? How many people has.
This kind this kind of interview
in which form and so like Miss
Mister. Hardly saw this in New
York. And finally I know him
very well and last year. I met
with him actually. I met a fume
about recognition and, so I met
them again. Stevenson blown in
in Italy, he was there.
And he's a very interest
interesting man variously.
And then I know hold so very
well. I could say Miss Kubler
Ross, Oh yeah. I met refilled
with. He's going to visit
Elizabeth that's why here?
Well, you will just be in
another part of Virginia.
Clear if you haven't
had one we me
clear. Happy, Daddy. I think
there as it said. This is DePaul
market. This is that it wasn't
his decision, he was just pulled
less. Find easy once you learn
that then you can go up and
down do this way, this way
never had Lance is that that's
the enormous value of the kind
of training. It's done here
because you know, people have
such experiences
spontaneously. But here you
can learn to control it to go
where you want to go not
wearable.
Papa. And.
And I said they said it was
really very yes. We've done that
a number of times I guess.
Over the years we had 25 or 30
people go through their have
come out the other side slow
disconcerting. Disturbing.
But I never found any hollow
space in there.
Because I can either but there
there's so many books. I know it
was my books where we didn't buy
anything you don't know this he?
I don't have it here. None of
our vivo we would. The fun
part ways, is coming out in
deciding where you're coming
on come out and you're in the
ocean bottom. The ocean come
up through you see where am I
you know where you are.
2341234 testing 1 two
and A. One 212
OK rolling. Sorry.
Yep.
The most important thing,
though, is to understand that
the sum of all of these reasons.
The system of measurement that
we have, we learn that they come
with the compare it is the
positive. The negatives as we
just said. These various types
of patterns are all tremendously
important. And Justice, the fact
that we use these things
elsewhere that we pick up here.
And that key thing of intellect
is so vital because that is the
one that makes it makes it run
put another way, we came here.
And here in a certain form in a
certain way, and we came with
what we call a right brain,
which is another part of a
symbol. Of course, but it's a
way of being but we did not have
this intellect when we came and
we began to learn.
And acquire this intellect
for the very purpose that
that was that wonderful
balance and the important
thing is to understand that.
That is the difference between
learning and on learning.
And that is to acquire an use
that intellect and I can say
without any equivocation. No
reservation no conditioning that
everything what little and is
not much I assure you.
That I might have achieved so
far is totally do, do the
imposition of my intellect.
Appan Watt was taking place.
Instead of this flying around in
the auto body state after I knew
it wouldn't kill me. I got
curious and the intellect got
curious what's going on here?
What is this is taking place
that was the difference that
bought brought the whole thing
in in focus into patterns?
Getting my analytical ability at
work in it, and any little
growth has do to that.
Now The funny thing is that is
so is so now we gather all these
things we got there elect our
measurement knowledge are play
application energean. We're all
as I like to put it going home
with all this bag full of
goodies as it were to take home
and show the local boys. How
much you've learned and what you
can do. Only the only problem is
that when we do this we forget
something that happens as again
on the way to the store that we
don't expect what's that, well
if you know about it, then you
can have fun. It's where you
don't know about it is where it
gets dangerous. And that is that
we become addicted to being
human. And so after we exit this
with this particular life
soldier. We're saying instead of
going home and what I call
having escape velocity to go
home. Something's happened in
living that life we've picked up
a load factor. There was
friction along the way and that
represented so instead of moving
out and having a scape velocity.
We start turning your loud
matin. It's our decision. No one
else is that's important, they
are decision, we say, well.
I think I'll go back just once
more, and then this next time I
think I'll be a Mail instead of
a female that ought to be more
fun just once more, and then
I'll go home. So what happens is
instead of moving this way. We
loop around and go back being a
human again and go back and have
another human experience.
Another life type and we come
out again and we're already this
time, but this time, we've had
even a greater load factor don't
you see we've slowed up a little
more, we don't haven't got the
speed that we did.
We have a greater load and so
we're now in orbit and we have a
decaying orbit. 'cause we come
up around the orbit like this
instead of going on. We say, Oh,
I gotta go back because I've
never seen paree and I'd like to
go to Paris for once, in my life
and I'd like to just go there,
so whole purpose to go back and
live again so that I can go to
Paris and I've heard so much
about Paris. I want to go to
Paris. So I'll go and live
again? So I can go to Paris and
as you can see each time you
pick up in each succeeding life
type. A greater load factor so
that as you go through this your
orbit decays more and more as
you go through this living.
These successive liars and you
get locked in tighter and
tighter and tighter to you are
locked in being human so tight
that you forget where you came
from. You've lost all of the
desire to even dip art and go
home. You've lost at all because
this is so overwhelmingly
addictiv that you can't think of
anything else but this time
space physical matter all the
things that take place in there.
And no matter how hard you try.
You can't get away from it, and
the reason being there's no law.
But when you quote Die and
instead of going home. You make
the decision. There's no law
that says you have to stay here,
you are the one who says I gotta
go back. I didn't eat enough
Steaks. I didn't have enough
strawberries. I didn't have
enough children, all these kinds
of things or I didn't have
enough sex anyway. That's
How we lock in is being human?
In so doing this now, the next
trick is what what happens well
why don't we?
Recognize this more and more
because we are so deeply
addicted so we develop an
excuse, which you call belief
systems to rationalize this
process an but it's all done in
this local traffic human terms.
This is the difference.
As a result, with somewhere
along the way you begin to find
cracks in the belief system. You
begin to find reasons that don't
work quite well. That's the
analytical thing coming into his
as they wait a minute, something
wrong here. This doesn't ways
doesn't workout 2 and 2 makes 6
No. No, not all wrong try again.
You begin to find out that there
are some holes in the cracks and
that's when you begin to regrow
and begin to so that is
successively. You begin to start
on your way out again and you
begin to have a higher and
higher orbit as you learn more
and in these successive lives to
finally you got escape velocity
and then you do go home.
And that's what it's all about
Bob are these very provocative
ideas. The result of your own
analytical human mind or is this
information that has come from
some source outside of your
human mind. That's an
interesting question, I would
say probably. I I can't give you
I'm prone to make percentiles
and I don't know if I can give
you an appropriate for Santo. It
is a combination, obviously
through the years I've.
Developed a lot of non human
friends and had some wonderful
conversations, and meetings with
them. I can give you an
illustration and you can see
what I mean, this one nonhuman
friend. We got into the
discussion of goals. And he
said, I excuse me ideas. He is
not true. I don't know whether
it's a he or a she so I
developed a term. He she so he
she said. Well, perhaps our
goals are different, and I in
turn, said. Well, I wouldn't
think so. And he says. Well, he
she says. Well, what is your
goal and I thinking? To be a
very Noble and very spiritual. I
said well my goals are dedicated
serving humankind that that's
what I want to do.
And he said that's that's a very
Noble goal, but there are other
goals and with that. I tried to
find out. He's as well. There
are other goals that was a nice
bait. Allure then that got me
curious and say, well, what
other goals would there be. I
thought that was a very Noble
goal. And this great
enlightenment came to me months
later years, who can tell.
That there was another goal and
that goal is the one I would
just perceiving to go home.
Another water wonderful idea
would be to go home and should
be the local boy who made good
and goes back to his hometown
with all the medals on his chest
in those pockets full of gold an
all these bags of tricks and go
down the Main Street of the town
and all every vital say, Oh,
here use our heroes back on his
typical go home type of thing
and so I had been home twice and
had to be dragged back kicking
and screaming. It's a word from
going home. Because that was not
what I was supposed to do so. I
knew what home was an symbolize
to me and so I knew the goal was
to go home at a new hot home was
like. Where I came from?
And so my great great joy was to
prepare to build to go home. Oh,
this is great wonderful. They
had gohan for years. I had that
goal of going home gathering.
All this everything I could
gather that would be useful to
have fun and teach people do all
sorts of things at home as a
result. Uh.
I in turn.
Thought well for a long time,
and this is Oh, maybe 5 or 6
years ago, something like that.
I got into the pattern, we say,
well, and I asked. This non
fiscal. He she friend. I said,
You know, and he was saying that
was and also a nice new goalie
thing you always was very
agreeable that was a nice goal
too. That's different from
serving humankind goal. So I got
into that and then ask him
because I didn't know how to do
it very well so he taught me
says I'll show you how you can
go home. For a visit I just want
to get a little visit unit to
stimulate me more saying Oh what
a wonderful thing. It will you
go home and so I wanted to get a
Taste of Home again and I knew
what it was like so he showed me
how to do this and I learned
what I called a quick switch
method from get from here to
there and it's sounds weird. But
it's as if one were to stretch a
rubber band like that over to
here and then you let go of here
and you're there click, and I
call it the quickswitch method
of getting somewhere. And as a
result in using this.
I suddenly was home.
And.
And the story of my.
Getting this home thing was.
Very very profound change.
Because I went and got home and
here where these these that I
remembered so beautifully these
exist they were huge.
Roiling. Clouds.
And they were clouds had many,
many different use bright colors
when the shifting like rainbow
colors all through them and you
could lie in the clouds and it
was just observe the spectacle
of of change and it was not all
round rolling their cubes and
everything else. All sorts of
types of different types of
symbol forms flowing around and
through this and you lie there
and is so beautiful and then as
you were there. An I'm using
time space terms to express it
because it's the only way you
could do it.
And as you would lie there, you
would hear this tremendous.
Music and I interpreted his
music. But it was something else
but it was of course, a former
vibration, but expressed itself
to me in music, Beautiful
Beautiful music like a massive
Symphony Orchestra beautifully
conducted an over here was a
Magnificent Choir of 1000 human
voices and you're listening to
all of this.
And in this return quick
visit. Lay back in the clouds
and looked at these beautiful
patterns and heard this
exquisite music. And.
I perhaps would have might have
stayed there for every except.
What I had grown?
And that was my left brain
because I was lying there and I
looked at my attention got
caught. And what wasn't.
And I looked again perceived
again and it was right. Here was
a pattern of clouds and went
like this for example, and then
went on, and if you waited long
enough that same pattern of
clouds came along and it went
like this and went on. It was a
loop. It was continuous loop. It
was nothing new in the loop. If
you get the same thing came back
again and again and again and
then listen to the music and
sure enough here is a beautiful
melody lying. Going Dee Doo Doo
Doo Doo Doo and he waited long
enough, the same instrument in
the same melody line will be
repeated you knew do do.
And with that I set up an had a
great sigh of.
Uh.
And because I realized that then
I knew whi I had left home.
Because I was bored.
There was nothing new to learn
there, I was curious and I was
bored with watching the clouds.
Do the same thing forever and
listing. The music do the same
thing forever and I didn't want
to stay there any longer.
And that's why I left home.
And so 1 final thing.
I. Realize that I was
as if I had outgrown the glove
and couldn't fit there anymore.
And be sure this because it was
an overwhelming sadness after
having devoted years of
anticipation to going home.
I went back and down in and
here's what I call curls with
your children playing games and
I had all these new games that I
had learned being human and
tried to teach them and they
says we don't want your games.
We got our own game. We do it
nicely. Here's a new as we don't
want new games and then sadly I
left. And. I realized then
that I truly had outgrown
home and I couldn't go home.
Any that no it wasn't
possible for me to go home,
so that goal was closed off.
And. And so you can that was
suffered quite a bit of
depression than the fact that
that goal was closed off to me
and to go back and serve
humankind was nothing I couldn't
go back to do that, so that left
a big vacuum. And I could go
on and tell you much about
that vacuum, but I did find
another answer, obviously
after quite a long pattern.
I I'd like to on our
core cat menu.
You said now I
was in the plenty
press depressed and you
are. I am sure
you are not have
no no and we
can stop now if
you understand this social
they mentioned I used.
I don't know I just.
CG resilience, it before.
OK.
Bob will you tell us what this
new goal is?
Well, it wasn't quite that
simple, The new goal that
reawakened me out of this
was as happens. I met
another friend.
And this other friend I gave
another type of name to simply
because of the fact that I
couldn't. I could not.
How to put it I couldn't
understand him in any him it's a
he she again and I didn't want
to use the he. She name So what
I called this new friend was
inspect short for intelligent
species which meant that I was
not an intelligent species and
very, very deep and warm
relationship developed with this
non physical being and I never
saw him in a physical form. He
didn't have a for me was just an
enerji and we had.
And that went on for a number of
years and he'll suddenly and my
Oh MSA. There's another part to
that. And I asked where his
home was. And he said, would you
like to go and on the way to my
home and I will show you?
And I said Oh mine yes, please
please. And so he did, and that
became my new goal was to become
an inspect. One of this because
the exquisite. All the things
with that, we expressed as being
ideally Lovejoy relationships.
All these type of of melding
of unification was expressed
when I went and just on the
edges of this inspects home.
It was a beautiful beautiful.
Goal to be that.
And that became my goal was to
grow and be.
And inspect an and my plans all
shifted to go to that state of
being and this inspect gave me
so many different beautiful.
Things such as escorting me into
the future to see my last time
around as being human this kind
of thing. Until one day one
night, one afternoon, I've
forgotten exactly when.
The inspect in our particular
meeting place, which was outside
of time and space.
Is said to me this is our last
meeting? And I added as great
shock whi. And the
inspect said to me.
Because you are taking another
path and you need to learn along
that other path.
And and I say, Well will we
See each other again and he says
not in this form.
And I said user what have I done
had my Daddy says. No, you have
done nothing wrong. It's that
you have gone in another
direction and you have to learn
that other direction and get
back to basics before you can go
any further. And in
That be The inspect winked out
like that, it was gone.
And I went back maybe.
Oh, 25 or 30 times to that
meeting place, and the inspect
was never there. He had really
disappeared. So that occasion
another depression, but it did
trigger my left brain intellect
don't you see that was the
point. It triggered my left
brain elect to say.
Basics what's meant by basics
and I started tracking down the
basics of what I had missed it,
apparently I missed something
something very, very important.
And so. Hiking this needless to
go through all the searching I
trying to find what I had missed
the basic and I went through the
humans and then that was a
learning procedures took a long
time to do. No finally I came
upon this one thing.
And that is that made
the change.
And that one thing was that many
years ago, Oh about.
Perhaps if we go into time.
Also in somewhere in the 60s
because. This consciousness
this, I this mind didn't know
what to do with this outer body
activity had no idea what to do
with it so. So what I did is I
used a phrase a term an idea
that we have as humans that we
have a total self. I don't like
the word soul because it doesn't
seem to fit so I thought I don't
know what to do with this to
keep conducting experiments in
going from Virginia to
California, was ridiculous. It
was how many times. Can you go
to Mars and to the outer planets
there's just more of the same?
And so. What I did
I finally said.
Wait, a minute.
The thing the basic that I
had missed was.
What? I had been writing this
vehicle In other words, I have
been using this, this navigator
in this driver this vehicle, all
these years. And I had not taken
the trouble. To find out who's
doing the driving or as we in
America. But what's under the
hood of the thing I'm driving?
And so I did I began, saying
that his A Basic.
And in looking at that basic.
I opened a whole new pattern of
finding out what?
That answer was and that's a
long thing, but that in turn.
Did move me in a totally
different direction and brought
me to the knowledge?
That anything that I could
conceive of now, as a goal was
inadequate to what the options
are the availabilities are after
I have graduated as being human.
And that's that is the
limitation that I see that
humans play. Suppan we and I was
apart of it probably still am as
a matter of fact.
We place a pawn ourselves by our
belief systems. We think that's
only certain things that we can
do quote after we leave here an
are non physical.
We forget these other very
simple patterns that these are
all based on on local ideas
local ways of thinking you
doing, our even what we call
intelligence is only a very
human system of measurement and
here are all these things and
they were over, they suddenly by
this process opened up to me to
discover what? The graduate
human. The being who graduates
from this human system of
learning can be. And that's what
I mean by it's when I say go on
the Interstate. The goals are so
spectacular, so far beyond
anything that we can.
Even consider. That they they
are prime targets for anyone who
has Curiosity, which I do prime
targets who have the scientist
to get into something where the
real action is you run out of
action in time space there's a
limit but there's no limits in
this in this whole spectrum of
consciousness that I say that's
what I'm talking about how far
does it go? I don't know how far
it goes but I do know one thing
that one of the routes.
That you can go and that was.
One of my explorations because I
went and explore it all this to
see these potentials. One is
that one route that you can take
and you can see the source of
this of misses a lot of.
The humankind we all have a
yearning and then we express' it
in the desire to go home. We
express it in our going outward
in affinity looking for other
intelligent life looking for
things up in the universe. All
these kinds of things. But the
real part of it is. We really
want to do this key thing we're
looking for something else and
what we're looking for.
Is the thing that's built into
us from the beginning?
And that is that an we
expressive in our religions, we
would like to go meet our maker.
Now.
All I can tell you is that
there. At the at the very least,
'cause this could go on for a
long, long time. I know.
How one could get on the
Interstate to go meet your maker
and all I want to do I have not
met that maker yet?
But what I would like to do.
At some point an that totality
of me and that's another story.
We would like to go and quote
not prostrate ourselves at the
foot of our maker but.
Let's say to shake that makers
hand and say what a Magnificent
Engineering is what a beautiful
designer is. She is.
He she And go
get into a?
A new game with the maker.
And that's only one.
And seems endless options
at one can take.
You can be a maker
yourself if you want.
What you learn here are the
basic tools of being a maker?
That ought to take it through
did not know indeed.
I thought I heard you speak many
times. You got done yourself.
Woo. Oh
man.
Get hurt in here.
Very slow. Yes.
Jada.
Phone. Only one
problem. Translate. You did
not hold your mouth right.
Let us Ramble.